Edits to supplementary data/figures (#53)
greenelab/mpmp-manuscript: content/04.results.md

We compared performance on this curated gene set with performance on an equal number of random genes (n=268) and an equal number of the most mutated genes in TCGA (n=268).
For all gene sets, we used only the set of TCGA samples for which both gene expression and somatic mutation data exists, resulting in a total of 9,074 samples across all 33 cancer types.
This set of samples was further filtered for each target gene to cancer types containing at least 15 mutated samples and at least 5% of samples mutated for that cancer type.

> As an alternate approach, we tried including/excluding entire genes using similar filters; results are shown in Supplementary Figure {@fig:all_volcano_filter}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternate approach, we tried including/excluding entire genes using similar filters, and the results were consistent across filtering strategies (Supplementary Figure {@fig:all_volcano_filter}).
```

Reviewer: Is this right? If so 🚀

Author: I would say this is accurate!
